I lived on top of the hill but every day
I go down to the village to buy the food
that I'm gonna cook that night welcome
to what's left of the italian-american
neighborhood in San Francisco I'm Johnny
and this is my North Beach
[Music]
I'm cooking calamari fritti I'm gonna do
some fried squid for you today very
simple it's very quick and I wanted to
try to get another fish recipe for you
because we're coming close to the
Christmas season and you know I'm gonna
do a post about the the Italian
tradition of seven fish dinner
so this calamari fritti is one that I
always include in my Christmas Eve seven
fish dinner I'm gonna make it for you
today we got some local Monterey squid
fresh really beautiful I've got some of
the tubes that I'm just gonna slice in
rings and a lot of people they don't
like tentacles I love the tentacles this
is a more flavorful part of the of the
calamari so I'm gonna I'm gonna fry
those up too the only thing I'm gonna do
is dredge these in flour and I'm just
putting some freshly ground black pepper
in this flour and I'm gonna give it a
fairly good amount of my Sicilian sea
salt so these are vinegar peppers I'm
gonna take a couple of these because
they're pretty color and I'm gonna take
one of these firecrackers one of these
Calabria not peppers are gonna mix them
together we're gonna put them in that
saute pan with a little oil figure these
would be nice festive colors let me see
if they still taste good mmm but I want
to get a little bit more heat than what
I'm getting from the vinegar in those
vinegar peppers so I'm gonna slice this
one up seeds and all now if you're using
these Calabria peppers at least when I
use it I gotta warn people were eating
these dishes because this could get hot
so I said I want a confetti so I'm just
going this way in these slices got a
little smaller pieces we're gonna let
this come to temp a little bit and then
we're just gonna saute these a little
bit and put them aside that should be
fun though
so we'll let these just kind of mellow
out a little bit
in the oil get a little color in the oil
and bring these peppers up to the temp
so that's pretty much where I'm gonna
we're gonna leave them I'm gonna put
them on the side here see I don't want
all this excess in there because that
flowers just going to burn so as I put
it in I'm gonna be tapping it off at the
hole and the oils at the right
temperature so I want to get this in
it's gonna fry very quickly
[Music]
but this is a pretty quick process so if
you get your heat going at the right
temperature you want to get this in and
you want to get them right up quickly so
see how they're just starting to take on
that color just a light tan
they just need another minute or so not
even a minute and we're gonna take them
out see that you just want to cook
through but you don't want to overcook
because then they're gonna tend to get
to get tough just picked up a little bit
to see that the very light tan color
that's what we're looking for and he's
gonna be good eating there's one of
those tentacles okay so here we go so
these things usually if I'm finding
these on for you know for the seven fish
dinner people are going to come around
we're gonna sprinkle this with salt and
they're gonna eat them right here they
never make it to the table so maybe
we'll have to do that over here too let
me put some over here look at this
beautiful beautiful beautiful okay now I
think I'm gonna have enough flavor here
from these peppers that I don't need to
squeeze it a lemon but you could always
do that if you want let me just taste a
couple for you grab this one a little
bit of the pepper mmm freshness to the
see how quick was this took me about
five minutes to make up for you right I
got out one of these is my favorite part
[Music]
Christmases comments I'm a foreigner
Christmas Eve you gotta make all of my
defeat
[Music]